Due Monday, April 4th, by 9:00 AM to prushi@imsa.edu

Hello, sophomores and juniors, 

The Student Committee for IMSA Advancement (SCIA) is pleased to announce that it is now taking membership and coordinator applications for the 2011-2012 school year! SCIA is a group of students that works cohesively with the President's Office and the IMSA Advancement Office, in order to foster strong, personal relationships between IMSA students, and IMSA alumni and Illinois State Legislators. Essentially, this organization has two branches - one that works with alumni and donors and one that works with Illinois State Legislators. The wonderful thing is that, as a member, you may work with both branches to foster those strong relationships between students, and IMSA alumni and State legislators. 

To achieve our primary goal, SCIA has hosted a wide array of events, which you may have attended. For example, we brought in several alumni to talk to IMSA students about their career paths in engineering and medicine, and we also called several IMSA alumni to discuss their IMSA experience and encourage them to support the IMSA Fund. Moreover, SCIA unites IMSA students with prominent State Legislators. For instance, in January, Representative Lou Lang moderated a debate on the legalization on medical marijuana, and most recently, Representative Daniel Biss and Representative Michael Fortner joined us for a discussion on the relationship between math, physics and politics on Pi Day! 

All of these events give SCIA members the unique, wonderful opportunity to network with a wide range of people, by either sharing their IMSA experience, hosting panels and debates, or calling alumni. 

Now, we extend you all, as rising juniors and seniors, the opportunity to be considered for the SCIA team! To be considered, you must complete the attached application, and submit it to one of the SCIA advisors, Dr. Purva Rushi <prushi@imsa.edu>, via e-mail by Monday, April 4th at 9:00 a.m. 

Current SCIA members, if you would like to work with SCIA again, you must complete the attached application as well. Note that only current SCIA members may apply for the position of Coordinator. For next year, there will be one Legislative Coordinator and one Alumni/Donor Coordinator. 

We look forward to receiving your applications, and potentially having you as a part of SCIA! 

Have a wonderful Spring Break, 
SCIA Leadership Team


**Click on "more details»" below to see attachment."**