This is an exciting time for all of our students, as the 2011-12 housing process will soon be under way. As with any major undertaking, the housing process can be a very emotional time for our students. Please understand that we, the Residence Life team, have the difficult task of trying to serve each member of our community, one person at a time. We go to great lengths to ensure our learning communities are healthy, balanced, nurturing, living environments.

Attached is a copy of the Housing Process Timeline. The process and the forms will be explained to all current sophomores and juniors on *Tuesday, April 5, 2011* at 9:00pm, at a mandatory meeting hosted by the Residential Life staff. We strongly encourage you and your student to pay close attention to the timeline and the information included. We also recommend you begin having conversations with your student, and RC about the housing process and what the best environment for your student is. Please note that 1501 is our coed hall. 1502, 1503, and 1506 will remain our all female halls, and 1504, 1505, and 1507 will remain our all male halls.

As the housing process begins it is crucial for you and your student to understand that your housing preference is not guaranteed. As a team, we do our best to balance our wings and halls, creating nurturing environments and developmental opportunities. *Final housing decisions will be announced on Thursday,* *May 5, 2011*. Although student placement will be finalized on this date, some changes will still need to occur during the summer. This happens for multiple reasons, such as students withdrawing and re-invitation issues. If this occurs to your student, we will be in touch over the summer to begin the consolidation process, having a single is not an option. Please know that the Residence Life team goes through great lengths to serve each student’s needs during the consolidation process. This process is conducted to provide adequate room for the incoming class of 2014, a balanced wing both for the students and the Resident Counselors. Please note that no student will live in a single.

If you have specific questions about the housing process, please contact your student’s Resident Counselor.

Sincerely,
JCordoves Andrea Mason Curtis Boyd
Janett I. Cordoves Andrea Mason Curtis Boyd
Assistant Director of Residence Life Housing Coordinator Housing Coordinator